ball screen is set right here okay and
remember if he dribbles out of your area
you have to get them so now the ball
screen comes and they say you go over
the top as a shooter and you get brushed
all right you get brushed this is where
now over you got to get this you know
this is you you take that and I forward
will be playing up the floor help that
alright so if they drew out of your area
that's when we switch it because it
still keeps out zone attack
we don't trap we very rarely trapped
ball screens only time we trap ball
screens is when we ice ball screens if
you push them down we're trapped and
we'll talk about that in a minute so let
me get five one offering me the black on
offense give me the white on defense let
me get one one up top give me two and
three on the wing give me a high post
this basic high-low set up this is
normally how this looks okay here
dribble over here push you down all
right there go ball spring set the ball
screen now gooble off go under now stop
right here next rule is if this is a
shooter you are responsible for the
throw back you can't be pasted it to
your man
all right so now if he picks and he pops
throw it back that's you all right
that's you that's you you'll be fine no
worry about it because if the ball is
our next rule and it's a tough rule
because you have to really really stick
to it and it's tough our rule in our
zone is the ball cannot go wing corner
the ball goes wing corner we're dead the
ball goes wing short corner we're dead
we notice in his own short corner kills
you right high post kills you so it's no
wing corner so on your close out this is
what we do you have to be cover Lumbini
for one second all right if we easy as
we said it but we said it I got